Dad, don't wait for that chic
Let's eat
You were promoted to captain of the security team today
Our family happened to be sitting together to celebrate
What does it have to do with him?
If you have to wait for him, you won't say it.
Did you know
I got promoted today all because of my children
If he didn't know our Nanyun Group would
President?
Is it my turn to do this security captain?
Lao Chen, what are you kidding?
He knows the CEO.
The sun must not rise in the west
What kind of president does he want to know?
I won't be forced by Brother Kun today
Pardon me?
Hey, hey, why are you going?
No matter if your son and I live
Xiao Wang saved my life back then
But I'm not talking to you.
I can't let anything happen to Xiao Wang
You walk.
Uncle Chen, where are you going?